[Music]
I can make geometric shapes the size of
a football field
what kind of machine can bend to stock a
corn over without breaking it can't be
by hand is too perfect the aliens can't
read her lunch no man was around the
county been acting funny some lovin
violet it's almost like they act when
they smell a predator station I'm a
little scared all this stuff on TV Joe
Gillis was in here talking about the end
of the world they're staying in the
shadows
it's called probing to make sure things
are clear here for what for the rest of
them there's a monster outside my room
can I have a glass of water
[Music]
ground forces are being assembled
don't be afraid
it's like water the whorls believe it's
going to pass
don't be afraid they're in the house
here it comes
don't be afraid
you
[Music]